Write a python method that creates a new Pandas dataframe based upon an input Pandas dataframe passed in as a parameter.
The input dataframe has the following columns: GroupName, Measure, Folder, Expression
The dataframe created will have the following columns: Source, Group, Folder, Time Period, Calculation, Abbrev, Description, Formula
The dataframe created will have the same number of rows as the input dataframe.
The value for the "Source" columne is to be as follows:
1. If the value for the GroupName in the input dataframe contains "Cobra", then the value for Source is to be "Cobra".
2. If the value for the GroupName in the input dataframe contains "Financial", then the value for Source is to be "Financial".
3. If the value for the GroupName in the input dataframe contains "P6", then the value for Source is to be "P6".
The value for the "Group" column is to be the last word of the value of the GroupName in the input dataframe.
The value for the "Folder" column for the output dataframe is to match the "Folder" value of the input dataframe.
The value for the "Time Period" columne is to be as follows:
1. If the value for the Measure in the input dataframe contains "CFY", then the value for Source is to be "CFY".
2. If the value for the Measure in the input dataframe contains "CP", then the value for Source is to be "CP".
3. If the value for the Measure in the input dataframe contains "Lifecycle", then the value for Source is to be "Lifecycle".
4. If the value for the Measure in the input dataframe contains "PP", then the value for Source is to be "PP".
5. If the value for the Measure in the input dataframe contains "Date", then the value for Source is to be "Date".
The value for the "Calculation" column is to be the value of the Measure with all text between parentheses removed and also remove the parentheses and any trailing whitespace.
The value for the "Abbrev" column is to be any text in the Measure value that is between parentheses.
The value for Description column is to be blank.
The value for the Formula column is to match the value of Expression value in the input dataframe.